feat: Bind keyboard events to the current  excalidraw container and add handleKeyboardGlobally prop to allow host to bind to document (#3430)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/CHANGELOG.md

## Excalidraw API

> - Bind the keyboard events to component and added a prop [`bindKeyGlobally`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#bindKeyGlobally) which if set to true will bind the keyboard events to document [#3430](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3430).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### BREAKING CHANGE:
- Bind the keyboard events to component (previous behavior of handling keyboard globally can be enabled by setting [`bindKeyGlobally`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#bindKeyGlobally) to `true`) [#3430](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3430).
```

Note: not sure what's our styleguide on `BREAKING CHANGE`
